# Overview

This is Erick Mollinedo's class project repository.

## Template structure

* All data goes into the subfolders inside the `data` folder.
* All code goes into the subfolders inside the `code` folder.
* All results (figures and tables) go into `results` folder or subfolders.
* All products (manuscripts and supplementary material) go into `products` subfolders.
* The `assets` folder contains the .csl files that format the references and contains a .bib file that contains all references used for the manuscript.
* The `class-reviews` folder contains the .qmd files for the reviews provided by classmates.
* The `renv` folder is automatically generated by the `renv` package, and is
used to keep track of packages.
* See the various `README.md` files in those folders for some more information.
* The Codebook for the data frame used for the final analyses is located in the README.md file under `processed-data` subfolder under `data`.

## Instructions to Run the script

To run the analyses, I placed all the code chunks under the `code` folder. There should be one file for data cleaning `data_cleaning_code.qmd` inside the `processing` subfolder, one for exploratory analysis `data_exploring_code.qmd` under the `eda` subfoler and one for the statistical analyses `data_analysis_code.qmd` under the `analysis` subfolder. The codes must be run in the exact same order as listed here, once, and after doing that, if there is a need to inspect each process, each code can be run sepparately, since the files as inputs will be generated from the first run.




