The folders inside this folder should contain all data at various stages.

This data is being loaded/manipulated/changed/saved with code from the `code` folders.

The `raw_data` folder contains the raw data to be used for the data analysis and coding. These data sould not be edited ever.

Under `raw_data` so far, there is two data files:

1. The `conc_unc_hapingt_emollinedo.xlsx` file is an excel format spreadsheet that contains the XRF determined concentrations of the 648 personal sample filters for 24 chemical species, this is located under the 'Concentration' tab. Under the 'Uncertainty' tab, there are the XRF instrument determined uncertainties of the same 648 personal sample filters. In the 'DL' tab, the detection limits for each one of the elemental species are listed, these were determined by the XRF instrumentation.

2. The `HAPIN_EX17_Guatemala_20230728.csv` contains many of the variables collected for the HAPIN study in the Guatemala site.

3. The `ATN_summary_SA.csv` is a .csv file that has all the attenuation values for pre- and post- filter analyses for the filters used as samples. This file was generated by the Sootscan instrument, which measures one of the parameters used to estimate the Black carbon concentrations

4. The `sa_filters_emollinedo` is a file that contains the list of the filters used for this project.

Under the `processed_data` subfolder, all the final products or dataframes will be saved for the exploratory analyses and final data analyses.
